- [Instructor] Before we take a closer look
at microservice security, let's talk a bit
about who the course is for and what information
you should know ahead of time.
When I first encountered microservice security,
it was a bit overwhelming.
Building microservices is already complicated.
However, I was now confronted with a bunch of new
security technologies, standards, and techniques.
It seemed like the old playbooks were thrown out the window.
At the same time, I was excited for a new challenge
and I began to furiously read security specifications,
talk to experts, and build prototypes.
After a few years of building and securing
microservice-based systems, I began to clarify the concepts
for others to help them understand
how to build secure microservices.
So this course captures those conversations
and it's intended to help anyone with a role
or an interest in building a microservice-based system
get past the initial information overload.
Given the new way of working introduced by microservices
and DevOps, this creates a pretty wide audience.
I've had conversations with people in all sorts
of positions, including application developers,
security engineers, pipeline developers,
and even scrum masters.
If you're in one of these roles, you can benefit
from the information in this course.
Microservices and security are a pretty deep space
that tends to layer concept on top of concept.
I can unpack most of that information but you're going
to get the most from this course
if you have a little background in how systems
are built and architected.
If you haven't worked in a team to build
a traditional information system before
or haven't heard of concepts like APIs and containers,
there may be other courses in the LinkedIn Learning platform
that would benefit you more, like Microservice Foundations.
That's all there is to know.
I can guide you through the rest of the lessons from here.